Hear what is up guys and welcome to the s e o update section.
OK.
You can see that this is the word press corps that is coming to an end.
But I thought why not just add the S O section to.
Or is this the complete word press corps.
So today this is January 24th.
And recording this video OK.
And now we're going to be talking about the CEO like how is the awards what is a CEO and how everything
works with the CEO.
OK.
Now we can see that we now know how to set up the website.
We can now build these different type of websites wed WordPress.
OK and now we want to learn how to do the SEO and why SEO is so important.
So SEO stands for basically search engine optimization.
OK.
I don't have prepaid any of the powerpoint presentations because I hate it.
Seriously because if I don't like learning from the PowerPoint presentation then why would I want to
teach them that.
That is why I hate it and I just want to show you the real world explanations here should just listen
to it.
But I'm seeing right now.
OK so ASIO's stands for Search Engine Optimization what it does.
OK let's suppose that we have build a professional e-commerce Web site.
OK.
And now we want to learn we want to basically get a lot of sales to our e-commerce Web site because
we want to get sales because the site creation was to get sales OK.
We wanted to earn money.
Obviously we are we are doing a business that gets to our own money.
And in order for earning money we basically have to get more clients.
We basically have to attract them.
How we're going to attract them.
OK.
So this is called the CEO.
Like you don't have to do anything.
You just have to give the best content.
You just have to do some of this stuff.
OK.
That Google recommends.
And if you do to your website then your website will organically come into Google and the top results
so you don't have to do buy the paid advertisement.
You don't have to buy the will adversion everything and everything will be organic like you don't have
to do anything.
Google will give your site on the number one page of results.
Lets suppose that I search for like the best iPhone covers.
OK.
OK like this is like here.
So you can see this is right here.
Or if I just search for like iPhone 10 cover by online.
OK.
Like I want to buy iPhone 10 Khowar.
You can see the iPhone 10 mobile cases cords and accessories by online.
OK this is right here.
This is the number one page.
This is the number one website that is free here.
OK.
Then we have this website shop here we have this.
Theres this and there are so many.
OK.
So this is how it works guys.
Google basically you get a lot of sales from Google and these are organic.
You can see everything is right here.
If I just open up this website it can see that I'll be redirected to this website and I can buy this
iPhone 10 color from here.
They can see these are right here.
I can buy these covers from here.
OK.
So this is how basically Google works and we have to prepare our e-commerce Web site so that our e-commerce
website is fully SEO optimized.
Okay now you can see that there are some things that you might see there are amazing.
OK.
Number one is this each to PBS which is right here it is secure and the Web sites that we have created.
Lets suppose that this was the first project that we were working on.
Okay.
And this website were not is not secure.
OK so this website will not come on the number 1 page result.
OK because this website does not is not secure it its website does not have its GDP as if I just add
it.
OK let me just go ahead and let me add it.
Okay.
And then I just added you will see it and it is your connection is not private and everything so we
will be covering each and everything.
The other thing that I focused on is that if I just open up this website you can see how fast it loads.
OK.
This website loads just very fast.
OK you can see how fast it loads.
Now this website took a lot of time to load.
So these are some factors that I'm telling you right now that how you can manage them and everything.
Now here if I just go down I can see that this website consists of these pages Katis sitemap and Manser
authors contact us about us in these pages so it makes it like on this website is authentic will find
these pages and if it has it then we find it like OK.
This site is pendek.
OK so this is how it works basically.
OK so now you can see that we have the basic understanding of the Osseo like how we can optimize her
website for the CEO and how we can make sure that our Web site comes on the one page result to really
be taking this Web site.
OK.
You can see how we create a WB site.
I'm going to be demonstrating you different tips that you can implement to your website.
OK.
And then after you implement it you'll see that your website will come on in the top results.
Ok I'm not guaranteeing you that.
OK you might see the top result or you may not.
OK.
So it may vary.
Because you have to focus on this.
OK.
And when you are done you have to wait for some time.
Because you can see that the websites that were top in the Google results they were very old web site
like they were established from like three years four years and it takes some time for your website
to come on the top because you have to create people created back clean instead state of web site.
OK.
They will promote your website and everything.
And so these are done and then your website will come on top.
So it takes some time guys.
OK.
So don't be like don't be like if you're ever upset is not coming on top or you are not getting sales
in the first six months or just a year.
Then be like OK I'm not getting it.
I have to stop it.
You have to continue it.
OK.
Create a lot of create add a lot of products to your e-commerce website or everything or if you have
a blog then make sure to add more and more articles to it.
OK.
Or if you a business web site then you have to focus on the paid advertisements.
OK so now you can see that in the next video we will be working up for the tapes.
OK.
I'm going to be telling you some tips that you have to add to your website and when you add it you will
see that your website will be so amazing.
So in the next video we'll be working on that.
Goodbye.